I think all of your relationships, when it comes to work, needed to be
on a professional level. It doesn't mean that there is not a family
aspect of your circumstances. I think you can know intimate details
about them, but I think there needs to be a line driven when you talk
about what is what are we trying to accomplish today? And if our
relationship is too relaxed, is that going to affect the mission at
task? Or is it too stringent where you're afraid to come talk to me
and share some details That might be, uh, important in our aspect, So
I think there needs to be a blend and it comes back down to consistency
and how we do business.